all the wonderful things about both cryptology in high performance computing
is it never stand still that means if you're in either of those
two fields you better be a scholar you better be studying all the
time you better be driven to learn new things you better be driven
to master new skills and those who mash of those new skills and learn
new techniques are the ones who will have the best job security the
other thing you need to do as you get more senior in life is be aware
that sometimes the technical skills will not be the ones you need
to hone one of the things I've found in my own private research is
the amount of English you spend time writing will go up significantly
issue get senior the amount of code you get to write will go down
because instead of writing subroutines and functions you'll be writing
proposals and evaluations and technical article soon learn to hone
the skills across the entire profession not just those that are practiced
by junior